unified RBAC: add EM in v1.0 (#16354)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/entitlementmanagement-overview.md

- [entitlementManagementSettings](entitlementmanagementsettings.md): Tenant-wide settings for Azure AD entitlement management.
- [approval](approval.md): represents the decisions associated with an access package request.

> In addition, role assignments for entitlement management-specific roles can be managed through entitlement management [role definitions](unifiedroledefinition.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can manage role assignments for entitlement management-specific roles through entitlement management [role definitions](unifiedroledefinition.md).
```
